<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>版权页</title>
</head>

<body>
  <p><span style="font-weight: bold;">Sichuan Cookbook 1972 Remake (四川菜谱 1972 重制版)</span><br/> by <span style="font-variant: small-caps;">Chengdu</span> Catering Company (成都市饮食公司)</p>

  <p>Copyright © 2023 <span style="font-variant: small-caps;">Quux</span> System and Technology (馄饨系统与科技). All rights reserved.</p>

  <p>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:</p>

  <ol>
    <li>Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.</li>

    <li>Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.</li>

    <li>Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.</li>
  </ol>

  <p style="font-variant: small-caps;">this software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors “as is” and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. in no event shall the copyright holder or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.</p>

  <p>Book design and collation by Gong Jie (龚颉).</p>

  <p>Frontispiece by Christiaan Sepp. Sagittaria sagittifolia (茨菰) from Jan Kops (1822). <span style="font-style: italic;">Flora Batava, Volume 4.</span> De Breuk &amp; Smits.—<span style="font-variant: small-caps;">a</span>, upper surface of the leaf; <span style="font-variant: small-caps;">b</span>, lower surface; <span style="font-style: italic;">a</span>, chalice of a male flower; <span style="font-style: italic;">b</span>, a separate petal of the same flower; <span style="font-style: italic;">c</span>, one of the stamens apart and enlarged; <span style="font-style: italic;">d</span>, ripe fruits form a fairly large ball.</p>

  <p>Title page illustration by Matilda Smith &amp; John Nugent Fitch. (1918, <span style="font-variant: small-caps;">april–june</span>). Zanthoxylum planispinum (竹叶花椒). <span style="font-style: italic;">Curtis’s Botanical Magazine, London., vol. 144</span> [<span style="font-variant: small-caps;">ser</span>. 4, <span style="font-variant: small-caps;">vol</span>. 14]. <span style="font-variant: small-caps;">Tab</span>. 8754.—1, tip of leaf; 2, female flower; 3, the same, sepals and petals removed; 4, fruit; 5, seed;—<span style="font-style: italic;">all enlarged</span>.</p>

  <p>This book is designed to represent the first edition of the paperback book <span style="font-style: italic;">Sichuan Cookbook</span> (四川菜谱) by <span style="font-variant: small-caps;">Chengdu</span> Catering Company (成都市饮食公司), which was released in July 1972. Special care has been made to preserve the original appearance of this book’s typographical layouts, font styles, font sizes, and illustrations.</p>

  <p>See also <a href="https://github.com/neo954/sichuan-cookbook">https://github.com/neo954/sichuan-cookbook</a> for information about <span style="font-style: italic;">Sichuan Cookbook 1972 Remake</span>.</p>

  <p>Beta edition, February 2023.</p>
</body>
</html>
